Q 1. What is your understanding of Blockchain?
Ans:Blockchain is the mixture of the several technologies.
    It’s a mixture of Distributed Database and Cryptography.
    Blockchain is a distributed database existing on multiple computers at the
    same time. It is constantly growing as new sets of recordings, or 'blocks', are
    added to it.Each block contains a timestamp and a link to the previous block, so they
    actually form a chain.


Q 2. What is the core problem Blockchain trying to solve?
Ans:->improved Security
    ->immutability - Increased Efficiency
    ->Securing applications
    ->Securing testing and similar approaches
    ->Database security
    ->Secure Transaction Records- (keep track of all the transactions without the fear of having them erased or lost.) etc.
    ->Blockchain Addresses the Problem of Data Loss due to Hardware or Connectivity Issues.
    ->Blockchain Addresses the Problem of Data Corruption due to Intermittent Hardware or Connectivity Issues. 


Q 3. What are the few features which Blockchain will give you?
Ans:

   1. We have a public distributed ledger, which works using a hashing encryption.
   2.Every block has a hash value, which is the digital signature of the block.
   3.All the transactions are approved and verified on the Blockchain network 
     using a proof-of-work consensus algorithm.
   4.The Blockchain network utilizes the resources of the miners, who are 
     there to validate the transactions for rewards.

Q 4. What all things does a Block Contain?
Ans:
    1. Block number
    2. Transaction record
    3. Previous block signature
    4. Mining key

Q 5. How is the verifiability of Blockchain is been attained?
Ans:
    
   Block number or finger print of data is calculated using SHA256(Secure Hash Algorithm 256).
   This finger print is cross checked with rest of the finger prints generated by various 
   systems in distributed locations.
   If any system founds that the generated finger print is different than rest of the systems, 
   then it is considered that the data inside that particular system has been changed.
   Accordingly the data in that system is corrected.
   This is how the data verifiability has been attained in blockchain.
